Demo PR (#6)
alxlenc/pygh-tests: content/demo.adoc

## ADOC for the demo

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

## ADOC for the demo

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

> This file was created by the best team ever. 

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The best team ever created this file.
```

This chapter deals with many of the issues relating to the fundamental syntax of the Python language.

Python is case sensitive. Therefore, the following two variables are different.

[source, python]
----
 the_Person = "Him"
 the_person = "Her"
----

Python statements do not end with a semicolon, but you can use one to separate two statements on the same line.

[source, python]
----
length = 10; width = 5
area = length * width
print(area)
----

> Operations done manually using `ceph-volume` might not be visible by the `cephadm` tool.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The `cephadm` tool might not see manual operations that use `ceph-volume`.
```

> Operations done manually using `ceph-volume` might not be visible by the `cephadm` tool.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
The `cephadm` tool might not see manual operations that use `ceph-volume`.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Creating the scheduled snapshot might take time.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Creating the scheduled snapshot might take time.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Some time may be required for the scheduled snapshot to be created.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Some time may be needed for the scheduled snapshot to be created.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Some time may be required for the scheduled snapshot to be created.
```

> It is possible that the scheduled snapshot takes some time to be created.

Reviewer: How about...
```suggestion
Some time may elapse before the scheduled snapshot gets created.
```
